I object.
Isn't this Ye Yufei's husband?
I heard he's not from Talos in the city
What are you doing here?
Xiao Junlian
Did you take the wrong medicine or drink fake alcohol?
Dare to run to my Chu family's place
I see.
Could it be Ye?
The family asked you to apologize for them, right?
Yes
It's not Xiao Junlin either
Don't play tricks here
I tell you plainly
You are not welcome here
I'm going to give you three seconds.
Get out of here now
There were so many Miss Chu in the Ye family last time
Now I'm running over again to admit my mistake
Elf, I think you are delusional
It's just that there is only Kyoto tonight.
Only the top ten families can enter
What are you?
You deserve to be in the same room with us
Miss Chu quickly asked someone to kick him out
Do you hear me?
Xiaojun, no one likes you here at all
I'll warn you one last time
Get the hell out of here
Otherwise, your legs and feet will be broken later.
It's not decent to go
Can you ask someone to break my hand?
Qiao Junlian, I'm afraid you don't know yet?
The four masters of Shangjing have long since submitted to my Chu family
They are famous in the rivers and lakes
It's more than enough to break your dog legs
The four masters you mentioned
The four dogs in the elevator
Manager Xiao, what do you mean?
Miss Dong is not well
The top ten pits in our house
Got beat up in the elevator